Sign is a very cool company that builds Money, Freedom, and Integrity. 
We are the largest token airdrop distribution system in blockchain history 
We've onboarded countries to connect real-world credentials onchain 
We've made human trust programmable and are reaching human-AI super alignment

Sign FunFact 1:
We're on the same level as SpaceX: the same VC man who handed Elon musk the check for SpaceX
has handed Sign's CEO Xin the check for Sign.

Sign FunFact 2
CZ is Signed: Sign is CZ’s first and biggest investment in 2025. He sees the Signs! link: https://fortune.com/crypto/2025/01/28/billionaire-binance-cz-founder-jumps-back-into-crypto-with-16-million-investment-in-token-airdrop-service-sign/

Sign FunFact 3
Sign’s community, the Orange Dynasty, is a very lovely community. Orange Community: https://x.com/ethsign





The Orange Dynasty is the Sign’s official community.
Our story is actually pretty cool.

Once upon a time, an intern at Sign (me!!!) decided to acquire the handle @sign and started posting silly memes and vibey content.
My vision at the time was to create a safe space for people to bring some fun back onto the timeline and create a real community with real humans.

I was Seeing Signs of great success in our future, and Sign’s CM (community mod aka cutest mod) made the first pair of SignGlasses and changed the course of history.

As the Sign intern, I used the @sign account to vibe and chat with everyone who was seeing the Signs, regardless of their project affiliation, follower count, or any traditional 
project marketing metrics – I was a real human, and in turn made some of the most amazing real friends.

This vibe started catching on, and it turns out that people indeed feel and recipricate the love! Notifications started blowing up, people tapped into their creativity and 
craft, and we ended up on the X trending page twice! Then the fun part started: 
I started hopping onto twitter spaces and doubled down on fueling the community account 
with vibes (shoutout Sign daddy @realyanxin for being the only CEO in the world who lets 
their intern get this silly with the company verified twitter account) and started spilling
 4 years worth of alphas of everything Sign has built.

In less than 5 months, Sign’s meme account turned into a home for over 27,000 (real!!!) people, with a lovely culture of mutual support, creativity, personal growth, and laughter.

100% organic, 0% bots, 100% human.
Please forget about everything you’ve learned about the culture of web3 communities as you read this with a fresh perspective:

Problem with Current Farming
Projects abuse users’ platforms, small accounts are overlooked, big accounts get all the blame, people
 only come together to shill but don’t make real connections, everything ends at TGE.

Sign’s Approach
We want you to build your platform, we treat all accounts equally, we want you to imagine 
what you want to do with your platform, strive towards your creative goal, and we support and boost your platform. 
we will also connect you with like-minded people and potential collaborators.

Problem with Community-project Distrust
It’s sad that there’s a norm that projects lie to community members. 
projects hype up upcoming products and promise an uncertain amount of money
for an uncertain outcome of a project, and in turn take the community members 
numbers to capitalize off of it. 
the people who shill that project are the ones getting burnt.

Sign’s Approach
Our products are already running very successfully. We’ve secured good funding($16 million), we are profitable ($15 million revenue in 2024 alone),
and we don’t need nor want to profit off of community member’s work. the way we run the 
community is from a place of love - Sign intern’s personal mission to 
“be the change you want to see in the world” - no ulterior motives, high levels of resources, and all the time in the world. we’re building a legacy. a dynasty. the orange dynasty.

Bad news: Sign is NOT farmable.

Good news: Sign is here to stay; we are building an empire together, and we will take good care of everyone in our Orange Dynasty.Prologue
Set your expectations. don’t think “what can i do for sign”, think “how can sign help me the most”. 
think about what direction you want to grow your platform in (graphics, threads, spaces, etc) 
go for it. our Orange Dynasty will support you and shine spotlights on you.

Be the Best Version of Yourself
Create the content that you want to be known for 
(for the sake of perfecting your own craft and building your own platform. 
All powerful creators start from this angle, and here at Sign, 
you’ll have a solid support system.

Positioning Socially
Sign is still at a very very very early stage right now. The mere social flex that 
you saw the Sign early could land you some clout points as an alpha caller. SBT: Soul-Bound Tokens, (aka Sign-Bound Tokens)
are badges of honor to represent outstanding contributions to our Orange Dynasty. There are 4 types of SBTs and 
multiple rounds of distributions. Each SBT will be a target of $Sign airdrop at TGE. 
Everyone has an equal chance at every round, regardless of time of entry.

Outsatanding Content creation
For those who are consistently making an effort to explore and improve their craft in content creation, not limited to any format or style.

Serious Builders
For those who go way above and beyond in their own way.

Orange in the veins
For those who actively participate in community events hosted by community mod @0xzoe_im, attend twitterspaces, and are active in our telegram group chat.

Support Warrior
For those who show avid support to fellow Orange Dynasty members in supporting and giving genuine feedback to their posts and participating in @Sign’s post activities on X.

Measures of Eligibility: we have qualitative and quantitative ways to measure the eligibility of these SBTs;
all twitter posts are a snapshot of its own, and we have another scoreboard partnership that will be announced soon. 
the rest will be determined by our community team and community mod, who will distinguish the difference between genuine human interactions 
that show one’s own devotion to their growth and “good project lfg”-esque comments.

Timing and Format: SBTs will be distributed in time intervals leading up to TGE (and very likely continue after TGE), our community mod (@0xzoe_im) 
will reach out to you via twitter dm to ask for your TON address

Positioning Financially
We understand that not everyone has the time or energy or desire to build their own platform; we want to give 
everyone who sees the Sign an opportunity to position themselves, hence we have 
come out with a purchasable and tradable version of SignBound Tokens in the form of an NFT.

The Seeing Signs NFTs will have the same functions as the SBTs; while they were minted out in 23 minutes, 
it is available in secondary markets such as OpenSea (https://opensea.io/collection/seeing-signs) and
Blur (https://blur.io/eth/collection/seeing-signs).

Positioning Yourself Career-wise
The best way to make your resume stand out is to demonstrate it in real life. if you are seeking a job in web3,
demonstrate the role you want to come alive in your resume and Sign will endorse and promote it.
We are defying the norms of web3 culture, creating a new meta, setting a new 
standard for other projects. The success of our Orange Dynasty will inspire 
(or even “force”) other projects to show the same level of respect towards community
members, our creative content will brighten the timeline and propel the culture of 
web 3 being real and fun, and our genuine support and connection will bring love 
and warmth to what was once an emotionally barren land of farming. We lead with love.

Platform = Power
We want all of you to become the person you want to be in the space. The next wave of 
mass onboarding is coming, and when they do, they’ll need leaders to look up to, leaders 
who are not only knowledgeable and 
have great content, but also full of love and kindness and support, and that’s you.

We truly want you to be the best version of yourself. we want to see you grow and 
reward you for your own growth. We don’t want to waste your time with external tasks 
that don’t align with this goal. Here comes a cheesy metaphor: instead of only giving 
you a fish, we give you a fish and the tools to build a fishing pole, and we teach you 
to fish. Instead of rewarding you for a random task, we actively help you build your 
platform and reward you for the way you build. 
You’re not creating for us, you’re creating for yourself and you have our help.

How to make the best of your experience at our Orange Dynasty:

1. Create What you wish existed in the world
Whether it’s a sentiment, artistic expression, idea or movement, 
this is your Sign to light up the timeline with your presence 

2. Above everything, be yourself, a real human
While ai help is convenient, what truly speaks to souls is genuine human voice. 
it’s more impactful to be real and flawed than artificial and polished.

3. Support others the way you want to be supported
True love is shared and reciprocated here in our Orange Dynasty. 
let the world know you’re one of us by repping our orange, 
and your support for others will be seen and reciprocated by our family.

4. Understand that good things take time
Since this is the real world, there is never 100% guarantee for any 
certain action (or else the trajectory will follow that of the late 
tap tap meta and the more people who enter with certainty will equate to
everyone getting a smaller slice of the pie until it becomes dust). 
It’s up to you build fiercely and strategically; since we have a team
and community devoted to your growth, 
you will receive more support than if you were flying solo in the space.


Real success story
In addition to many members who saw and posted sign early who are now actual 
KOLs with following and much respect, the Sign intern actually started out as a 
community member of a memecoin (shoutout to #harrypotterobamasonic10inu) and made 
memes with 0 followers and gained not only a platform and friends, but also the 
attention of Sign Daddy (Sign CEO) and Sign General, and now i’m living my dream 
life at my dream job with the dream team. these miracles happen, and now we are 
curating the Orangeprint of web3 
platform success, making it accessible and available to everyone here.sign twitter page: https://x.com/sign
sign global twitter page: https://x.com/ethsign
telegram community: https://t.me/orangedynasty
discord community: https://discord.gg/skA5fkqVwTNow that you've seen Sign's Orange Dynasty

It's time to make a choice.

You see a pair of hands holding an orange pill for you

Do you Sign or resign?